added/updated docs (#80)
ubccr/xdmod-appkernels: docs/ak-viewer.md

> The results of appkernels execution can be viewed with AK viewer 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results of app kernel execution can be viewed with AK viewer 
```

> and explorer from appkernel tab of XDMoD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and explorer from App Kernels tab of Open XDMoD.
```
